Add hacking.md and update screenshots in readme (#391)
canonical/lxd-ui: HACKING.md

  This command will either output `snap "lxd" has no updates available` or update lxd to the latest stable version.

  Initialise LXD - replace `your-password` with a password of your choice - and then close the multipass shell:

  <pre><code>sudo lxd init --auto --trust-password your-password --network-address '[::]'
exit</code></pre>

  Connect the LXD server in Multipass to the local LXC. In a terminal on your Mac, run:

  <pre><code>lxc remote add default $(multipass info lxd | grep IPv4 | awk '{print $2}') --password your-password --accept-certificate</code></pre>

  (replace `your-password` with the password you selected before)

  You should get a message saying: `Client certificate now trusted by server: default`

  Switch the remote to the `default` server that we have just added:

  <pre><code>lxc remote switch default</code></pre>

  Launch an instance with the lxc command on your Mac:

  <pre><code>lxc launch ubuntu:jammy test-jammy</code></pre>

  If this succeeds, the setup of LXC and LXD is complete. Finally, expose the API on port 8443:

  <pre><code>lxc config set core.https_address "[::]:8443"</code></pre>

>   Now, proceed with the steps to run the LXD-UI.

Reviewer: I was unsure if this line was useful even before, because it  says something that should just be taken for granted. It was useful only as a delimiter of the "Mac" section, but maybe we can remove it?

</details>

Install dotrun as described in https://github.com/canonical/dotrun#installation Launch it from the head of this repo

    dotrun

You should enable a firewall as `dotrun` exposes an api to start or interact with unprivileged containers on your public
ip via port `8407`. Ensure that the lxd API on port `8443` is open, so `dotrun` can access it.

> First time running `dotrun` will generate certificates for you. You can find them in the `keys` folder on the top of
> this repo. Trust them from your local lxd with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first time, running `dotrun` will generate certificates for you. You can find them in the `keys` folder on the top level of
the repo. Trust them from your local `lxc` with
```

    sudo lxc config trust add keys/lxd-ui.crt

If you are on a Mac and running LXD inside Multipass, set the `LXD_UI_BACKEND_IP` in the `.env.local` file:

    echo "LXD_UI_BACKEND_IP=$(multipass info lxd | grep IPv4 | awk '{print $2}')" > .env.local

> Now you can browse through https://localhost:8407/ to reach lxd-ui.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you can open https://localhost:8407/ to reach lxd-ui.
```

> To enable pre commit checks, after the 1st successful run of `dotrun`, execute `yarn hooks-add`. You can remove the hooks with `yarn hooks-remove` later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable pre-commit checks, after the first successful run of `dotrun`, execute `yarn hooks-add`. To remove them, run `yarn hooks-remove`.
```

# End-to-end tests

Install playwright and its browsers

    npx playwright install

The tests expect the environment on localhost to be accessible. Execute `dotrun` and start tests with

    npx playwright test

Generate new tests with helper

    npx playwright codegen --ignore-https-errors https://localhost:8407/

# Advanced setup

Learn how to 

> - [Setup local LXD cluster](https://github.com/canonical/lxd-ui/wiki/Setup-local-LXD-cluster) inside LXD to test cluster features

Reviewer: Maybe
```suggestion
- [Setup local LXD cluster](https://github.com/canonical/lxd-ui/wiki/Setup-local-LXD-cluster) inside LXD to enable clustering features
```
?

> - [Setup oidc login](https://github.com/canonical/lxd-ui/wiki/Setup-oidc-login) to test single sign on

Reviewer: What about:
```suggestion
- [Setup oidc login](https://github.com/canonical/lxd-ui/wiki/Setup-oidc-login) to enable SSO authentication
```
?

Author: yes, that is better.
